What you talking 'bout,
Mr. D.?
ADULT ADAM:
Back in the '80s,
these were the dads on TV.
They were loving, nurturing,
and, quite often,
millionaires.
(RECORD NEEDLE SCRATCHES)
Unfortunately,
none of these
were my father.
Now this was my dad,
Murray Goldberg,
a man who lacked
both patience and pants.
Why you gotta be a moron
all the time?
(MOUTH FULL)
What did I do?
How many times
I gotta tell ya?
Don't touch
the damn thermostat!
It's like 900 degrees
in here!
You don't get that 'cause
you're in your underpants
all the time.
The AC is
for emergency use only.
What do you think
I'm made of, cold air?
More like hot air.
Oh, that's so damn funny.
That's how
I remember my dad...
Pants-less, pissed off,
and far from a millionaire.
Don't touch
the damn thermostat!
I mean, really?
How many times?
And then there was my mom,
Beverly Goldberg.
She was always there
for us,
even when she probably
shouldn't have been.
(GASPS)
Ah! Ooh! Mom,
you gotta stop
watching me sleep.
Well, if you'd let me stare
at you during the daytime,
we wouldn't have to do
this little dance.
I thought
I locked the door.
(LAUGHS)
Oh, please.
Get up.
(SINGSONGY) We're going
clothes shopping today!
(CLICKS TONGUE)
About that...
I... I was thinkin',
can I pick out my own outfit
for the first day of school?
Okay. What size pants
do you wear?
Uh...
Three... Large?
(LAUGHS) See?
You need me.
Mom, it's the first day
of seventh grade.
I wanna look cool.
Well, who is cooler
than your mom?
All...the people?
(LAUGHS)
You have
terrible morning breath.
Brush your teeth,
get dressed, let's jam.
(CURTAIN RINGS SWOOSH)
Mom!
And so I went back-to-school
shopping with my mom.
I got new clothes
and new nightmares
all in one day.
Miss?
Whoa.
I need the next size up
in these pants
for my little boy.
These are too tight
in the crotchular region.
She wasn't want you'd call
great with boundaries.
In the crotchal region!
I can't send my son
to school like this,
but I like the pants.
While my mom had
a hands-on approach,
my dad, not so much.
Don't come in here.
I'm watching TV.
Come on. I'm going out.
Give me 20 bucks.
No.
I need it.
It's for my rap group.
No!
How do you expect
Big Tasty to make it
if his crew
can't cut a demo?
Big Tasty?
(CHUCKLES)
Who is Big Tasty?
It's me!
It's my rap name.
Your rap name should be
"Big Pain in my Ass."
Now get out of here.
Go play in the street.
Hey, Dad?
What?
Can I have
20 bucks?
No.
Please?
No!
It's for girl stuff.
Buh.
Lately, that's all
my dad could say
when it came to my sister.
Hey, Mom.
I need a Midol.
Cramps.
Buh. Ugh.
Buh.
(GASPS) Ugh.
(WHISPERS) Girl stuff.
You give Erica 20 bucks just
'cause she says "girl stuff"?
My guy stuff has to
be worth something.
It's not.
This isn't fair!
God, I wish I was a girl!
Got it.
No.
No, that was
out of context.
Erase it. Erase it!
Erase! Erase!
Erase that! Erase...
Shame on you.
I just sat down.
How'd we get shame
on me already?
Barry's right.
Ever since Erica grew
(WHISPERS) boobs...
(NORMAL VOICE)
You haven't known
how to deal with her.
I mean, you don't even
yell at her anymore!
Stop it. I yell at her
all the time.
Oh, really?
When was the last time
you called her a moron?
She knows
I think she's a moron.
I don't have to say it.
Yes, you do.
She doesn't know
unless you tell her.
Well, can't I just ignore
the other kids more?
You are going to have
a daddy-daughter day
with Erica,
like you used to do
when she was little.
A whole day?
I don't even
like spending a day
with myself.
It's why I nap.
You're doing it, Murray,
and you're gonna smile
and have fun, damn it.
Fine. I'll do
your daddy-daughter thing.
But just know
you're overreacting.
I'm quite comfortable
with the girl.
Thanks, Mom.
Mmm-hmm.
That was sitting in
with the food?
The whole time.
Throw all the food out.
All of it!
MAN:
♪ I'm twisted up inside
♪ But nonetheless
I feel the need to say
♪ I don't know the future
♪ But the past keeps getting
clearer every day ♪
It was September 8th,
1980-something.
School hadn't started yet,
but any chance of
me being cool was gone.
Knock knock, kiddo.
ADAM: I'm not comin' out.
Mom took me school shopping.
It's bad, Pops.
Really bad.
Oh, stop.
I'm sure you look fine.
Holy (BLEEP).
I know!
Who puts a train
on a sweater?
It doesn't make sense.
I don't even like trains.
The sweater says you do.
Well, the sweater's a lie!
Okay, calm down.
You just need to look
on the bright side.
There is no bright side.
It comes with a hat.
(PANTS)
It comes with a hat!
Okay. We gotta
hit the mall, and fast.
You'll take me shopping?
Absolutely.
Okay, off we go.
What about Mom?
She loves this crap.
Don't worry.
I'll handle your mom.
Choo-choo!
(LAUGHS)
Doesn't he look precious?
He sure does!
It's a train!
(CHUCKLES)
(LOWERED VOICE)
I'll handle her later.
While Pops was saving me
from the tradition
with my mom,
my dad was doing his best
to revive his tradition
with Erica.
You want a churro?
I'm good.
Ice cream?
Nope.
Cotton candy?
I'm really not hungry.
Nachos.
Am I here as
some kind of punishment?
No! No, no, no.
We're havin' fun.
Hangin'. Talkin'.
Makin' memories.
Okay.
But after an hour,
the only memory they made
was my dad getting rough
with the claw machine.
Come on. Come to p...
What?
(MACHINE BEEPING)
That unicorn is rigged.
I'm telling you,
it's rigged.
Dad, take it easy.
It's just a stuffed animal.
No, no, no.
You love unicorns.
Daddy's gonna win one
for his little peanut.
Come on.
Let's do it again.
Here we go.
Okay. All right.
All right. Uh...
(LOWERED VOICE)
Let's get somethin'
to eat.
Okay, kiddo.
Camera is rolling.
Strut your stuff.
Pops, get a close-up
of my Z. Cavaricci's.
I wanna remember this outfit
for the rest of my life.
Unfortunately, I still do.
What's this?
What's happening
on your body?
Good news, Bev!
I took the kid shopping.
Oh, Dad, I already
bought him clothes.
Honey,
this is the seventh grade
we're talking about...
The big leagues.
And we need to go for
something less adorable
and more dangerous.
Trains are
plenty dangerous.
Do you remember
Marge Grossman's son Trace?
(SCOFFS)
He got his foot stuck
in the track.
Train came by,
cut it right off.
If you could get me
a sweater of that,
then I'd wear it.
Come on, Bev.
Let's not make a thing
out of this, okay?
Okay.
If this is what
makes you happy,
then I'm happy.
Yeah, I'm happy.
Check out this
sweet day-glo.
It glows in the day.
(CHUCKLES) Wow.
Science.
See, kid? I told ya
she'd come around.
(CHUCKLES)
But Beverly Goldberg
does not come around.
I was so blinded
by the bright neon,
I couldn't see the fire
in my mom's eyes.
It was hour two of the worst
daddy-daughter day in history,
but my old man wasn't ready
to give up yet.
Dad, how much longer
are we gonna do this?
I mean, we already played
pinball and air hockey.
And I got you
a slap bracelet.
And I'll cherish it.
But I told Lainey
that I would call her,
and it's been...
Ah. Oh.
I see. I see.
You're afraid that some of
the cool kids from school
are gonna see ya
hanging out
with your old man.
Yeah.
Okay, uh, don't take this
the wrong way,
but no one
with a hint of cool
would ever set foot on...
Oh, my God!
(DISCO MUSIC PLAYING)
That's right,
they'd stumbled upon
Barry's secret world...
A world he wanted no one
to know about.
Barry?
BARRY: Dad!
Okay. I know
how this looks.
(LAUGHS) Then you know
it's hilarious, right?
You shut your face!
(LAUGHS)
So now you know.
This is where I go
on the weekend.
What happened to
your rap club?
It was just my cover.
Okay, you know,
you're supposed to cover
something embarrassing
with something
less embarrassing, right?
Your face
is embarrassing!
Ha, ha, ha!
I've been coming here
the past two months.
Skating helps me
blow off steam, you know?
Roll it out.
(LAUGHING)
Roll it out?
(LAUGHS)
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Keep laughin'.
It doesn't bother me.
That's the great thing
about this place.
I get respect.
Yes, from a 9-year-old
who just high fived you.
He's almost 11!
(BOTH LAUGH)
You know what?
Just roll it out, Barry.
Just roll it out.
Roll it out.
(LAUGHS)
Roll it out!
Yes!
Your brother's wearing
a fanny pack.
Oh, you know what?
I will take you up
on those nachos now.
You got it, girl.
Let's go.
Finally, my dad
had found a way
to connect with Erica...
By mocking
one of his other children.
What about, uh, Lainey?
I thought you had to
call her back.
Eh, it's fine.
She's kind of annoying me
right now anyway.
You wanna talk about it
or something?
Nah. It's girl stuff.
All right. Why not?
Talk to me.
I'm all ears.
(LAUGHS) No.
You'll just freak out.
Me? Murray Goldberg?
No. Come on.
Let's go.
No judgment. I promise.
No judgey-ness.
You sure about that?
No judgey-ness!
Let's go.
All right.
Me and Lainey are
kind of in a fight.
What'd she do?
Uh, copy your homework?
Smile at a boy you like?
She got loaded
on peach schnapps
and talked
all kinds of crap
about me.
My dad thought he was ready
to handle the girl stuff...
(WHISPERS)  But he wasn't.
Well, it turns out
that his van is actually
his home, right?
(SCOFFS)
And his real name
isn't Ron Bon Jovi.
And he's not a roadie.
He had a keg in his van.
Thank God I met
the nicest guy,
and he was
selling these T-shirts
that he makes himself.
And he has
all these dolphin tattoos
because he really wants
to be a marine biologist.
He was so built.
And so we kinda took
a little trip down
to the ocean,
and, uh, and he was rubbing
suntan lotion all over me,
but it was kinda weird
because...
Well, it was nighttime.
My dad wasn't the only one
in a new level of hell.
ADAM: Oh, my God!
She shrunk my clothes!
Let's not panic, kiddo.
It's really not that bad.
Look at me! You can see
every little curve.
I know Mom shrunk 'em
on purpose.
Come on.
She'd never do that.
Oh, yes, she would.
You just don't know her.
I'm her father.
Pops, I'm telling you,
that woman's an evil genius.
Dinner's ready!
I made your favorite,
shrimp parm.
Oh, you made
my favorite?
Well, it doesn't
make up for this.
My goodness!
What happened to
your cool clothes?
You happened.
(WHISPERS)
They must've shrunk
when I washed 'em.
It was an accident.
When it comes to
you and the laundry,
there are no accidents.
I always wash new clothes.
You don't know
who tried them on
before you.
Could've been a drifter.
What kind of drifter shops
at the Willow Grove Mall?
Well, what kind of drifter
needs to buy new clothes
when he already has
perfectly good ones?
A drifter with a mom
who drove him to drifting!
The open road was
his only way out!
What's happening?
I'll tell you
what's happening.
You're gonna
wear the clothes
I bought you.
They're perfectly fine.
Holy God!
You did shrink 'em
on purpose!
Okay, there are
some ugly accusations
flying around this house
right now.
Okay, now that
that's been resolved,
I think we all need
to take a deep breath
and put on
our adorable train sweater.
I'll never wear
your train! Ever!
(SCOFFS) Oh, these
are chaffing me,
but I like it!
Bevy, I spent a fortune
on those clothes.
And that store was crazy.
There was a boy
with earrings
in his nipples.
I told you
not to mix in!
But Adam wants
to look stylish.
Oh, I know style.
I am style.
They're just clothes.
Who cares?
I care.
Back-to-school shopping was
one of the last traditions
Adam and I had together.
But now I guess
that's gone, too.
While my mom's plan
to bond with me
had blown up,
my dad's plan
to bond with Erica
was about to make
his head explode.
I mean, if you ask me,
the cop was overreacting.
Like, it was obviously
a flare gun.
So we take off running,
and I lose my shoe
climbing over a fence.
There weren't any cabs,
but luckily this motor home
pulls up.
Buh.
...really nice.
What?
Buh! Ugh!
Let's just go back
to silence,
beautiful
daddy-daughter silence.
No more stories!
Why are you freaking out?
I mean, it was all
Lainey's fault.
Oh, how is that?
Every decision you made
in that story
was a terrible one.
You said no judgey-ness.
I'm telling you,
your friend Lainey Lewis...
She is big trouble.
Big trouble!
You're never to
see her again.
She's my best friend!
She is banned!
Banned for life!
Oh, really?
No more talking.
We're gonna roll it out!
Come on!
Ugh! I knew
you couldn't handle it!
Roll it out!
I knew.
Uh, you know what? No.
I am not 10 years old
anymore.
I don't like
roller-skating or unicorns
or slap bracelets.
Don't you take off
the slap bracelet.
That represents friendship.
No, no, don't skate away
from me!
Erica! Ah!
All right.
I'm mergin' here.
I'm mergin'.
Do you see
the sign for merge?
Yield! Yield!
Let me in! Let me in!
(WOMEN SCREAM)
Let me... (SCREAMS)
Daddy-daughter day was
officially a disaster.
Not only had Erica bailed,
but my dad's ankle
was swollen,
and no one could
get him off the rink.
Barry,
I got your message.
Where's your father?
The rink.
Can you please
get him out of here?
He's embarrassing me.
Is that my fanny pack?
Just go!
The merge! What the...
The merge!
Murray. Murray!
Oh, my God,
look at your ankle!
It's all swollen
and ballooning.
What are you talking about?
It's the other ankle.
Oh.
Ballooning?
What are you even
doing here?
This was your idea.
You said take Erica out,
so I brought her here.
You brought
your moody teenage daughter
to a roller skating rink?
Mistakes were made.
Uh... Some by me.
I don't know what's going on
with my little peanut.
The kid doesn't even
like unicorns anymore.
She's growing up, Murray.
They all are.
I'd go with
the brown paper bag.
Aw. But Adam
loves Kermie.
You know what?
Your call.
I'm not gonna mix in.
No, you're right.
And, uh, you were right
about the clothes.
Adam is old enough
to pick his own clothes.
But it's all just going by
so fast.
And...
It's hard because every year
he gets older,
and I feel like I'm just
having to say goodbye
to a little boy
I was just gettin' to know.
I went through
the same thing with you.
But you know what made
saying goodbye
to my little girl easier?
I got to see
the woman she became.
(CHUCKLES)
Adam,
get your ass downstairs!
We're going to the mall!
Thanks, Daddy.
Oh, no!
They're closed.
Nothing's closed until
I say it is.
Hey! What are you doing?
We're closing.
My beautiful boy
needs a pair of
acid-washed jeans,
and he needs them
right now.
Can't help you. Sorry.
Sorry?
(CHUCKLES) Oh.
You don't know from sorry.
If you don't let us in,
people will hear about it.
Your co-workers,
your manager.
I will call the CEO
of Jeans Express himself,
and I will have him
dragged out of his important
meeting about jeans
to let him know
that he has an employee
so spiteful,
so petty, so cruel
that she wouldn't let
a yummy boy
shop for his first day
of school.
So I'm gonna ask you
one more time,
and I want you to think
about your answer
very carefully.
Can we please come in?
(COME SAIL AWAY PLAYING)
Thank you.
Also, I have a coupon.
It expired a year ago.
You will honor it.
♪ I'm sailing
MURRAY:
That's it, peanut!
You're doing great!
You're doing it
all by yourself!
♪ Set an open course
♪ For the virgin sea
Yeah,
I remember that day.
Ooh.
Mmm.
I look ridiculous.
You look adorable.
You do.
So today was, uh,
kind of a disaster, huh?
A little, but...
It was fun
busting on Barry.
(LAUGHS) It was.
Oh, my God.
It really was.
Listen.
I may not understand...
Uh, you know, all this.
You know?
But that doesn't mean
I'm not here for you.
Obviously,
go to your mother first.
But if she's not around,
I'm here for you.
Thanks.
(KISSES)
Night, Dad.
Good night, peanut.
♪ Spark my memory
♪ Some happy
♪ Some sad
♪ I think of
childhood friends
Come and get 'em!
Lunches for my honeybunches!
Hey, don't wait up.
I'm studying at
Lainey's tonight.
Studying for what?
Today's the first day
of school.
Don't be a moron!
Get your ass home!
Ugh!
ADULT ADAM:
And just like that,
my dad was back to
talking to Erica.
Look at us!
We're identical twins.
So... How do I look?
Dangerous.
♪ To carry on
We may have outgrown our old
back-to-school traditions,
but thanks to Barry,
we started a new one.
♪ Come sail away,
come sail away
♪ Come sail away
with me, lad
♪ Come sail away,
come sail away
♪ Come sail away with me
♪ Come sail away,
come sail away
♪ Come sail away
with me, baby
♪ Come sail away,
come sail away
♪ Come sail away with me
♪ Come sail away,
come sail away
♪ Come sail away with me
Look how much fun
Mommy's having.
Hi!
(MUSIC PLAYING)
It's a work in progress,
but here it goes.
(BEATBOXING)
(RAPPING)
♪ My name is Barry,
but they call me Big Tasty
♪ I'm the number one rapper
in the U.S.-asty
♪ My rhymes are fresh,
my flow is hasty
♪ You'll be eatin' up my words
like a fresh baked pastry
♪ When I say "Big,"
you say "Tasty"
♪ Big
What's happening?
I'll tell you
what's happening.
He's a moron.
My God, stop it.
Stop it. Stop it.
I am watching,
and it's aggravating!
ADAM:  Is it annoying?
Where you going?
I can't help you!
I don't know
what to do about it!
You have a family here!
BEVERLY:  Murray!
Take your watch off.
It's that...
No.
It's that
medicated dog shampoo.
No. No. No.
(WATER RUNNING)
(LAUGHING)